16. Create a ANIMAL class without any variables and methods
17. Create a child class Bus that will inherit all of the variables and methods of the Vehicle class

18[.Write a Python program to get a string from a given string where all occurrences of its first char have been changed to '$', except the first char itself. Go to the editor
Sample String : 'restart'
Expected Result : 'resta$t'

19. Write a Python program to add 'ing' at the end of a given string (length should be at least 3). If the given string already ends with 'ing' then add 'ly' instead. If the string length of the given string is less than 3, leave it unchanged. Go to the editor
Sample String : 'abc'
Expected Result : 'abcing'
Sample String : 'string'
Expected Result : 'stringly'

20. Write a Python program to append items from a specified list. Go to the editor
Sample Output:
Items in the list: [1, 2, 6, -8]
Append items from the list:

21. Write a Python program to remove the first occurrence of a specified element from an array. Go to the editor
Sample Output:
Original array: array('i', [1, 3, 5, 3, 7, 1, 9, 3])
Remove the first occurrence of 3 from the said array:
New array: array('i', [1, 5, 3, 7, 1, 9, 3])

22. Write a Python program to remove the first occurrence of a specified element from an array. Go to the editor
Sample Output:
Original array: array('i', [1, 3, 5, 3, 7, 1, 9, 3])
Remove the first occurrence of 3 from the said array:
New array: array('i', [1, 5, 3, 7, 1, 9, 3])

23. Write a Python function student_data () which will print the id of a student (student_id). If the user passes an argument student_name or student_class the function will print the student name and class
24. Write a Python class named Student with two attributes student_id, student_name. Add a new attribute student_class and display the entire attribute and their values of the said class. Now remove the student_name attribute and display the entire attribute with values
25. Write a Python class named Rectangle constructed by a length and width and a method which will compute the area of a rectangle.
26.You have been given a String S. You need to find and print whether this string is a palindrome or not. If yes, print "YES" (without quotes), else print "NO" (without quotes).

Input Format
The first and only line of input contains the String S. The String shall consist of lowercase English alphabets only.

Output Format
Print the required answer on a single line.

Constraints 

Note
String S consists of lowercase English Alphabets only.

27. WRITE AN PYTHON PROGRAM TO GIVE SUMMARY , FIND THE ELDER CUSTOMER ID,WHO IS SPENDING LESS MONEY,WHO IS SPENDING MORE MONEY,
WHO IS EARNING LOT, WHO IS YOUNGER CUSTOMER, AVERAGE OF SPENIDNG,AVERAGE OF EARNING, SUM OF SPENDING FOR THE Mall_customer data csv
